Add documentation to readme (#101)
HUPO-PSI/psi-mod-CV: README.md

  - Name is final product (not a reaction description):`methylated asparagine` and not `arginine methylation`
  -  Can include a precision about origin residue, in parentheses, to remove
ambiguity: `2-pyrrolidone-5-carboxylic acid (Glu)`
- `def` describe the modification. After the def any cross identifiers can be listed.These are ids from other databases or ontologies that describe the same modification, or identifiers for papers describing this modification. Common cross references are to PubMed, RESID, ChEBI, RHEA, uniprot ptm-list. Unimod should not be referenced as this will be listed in the `xref`. Example descriptions: 
  - `A protein modification that effectively converts a SOURCE RESIDUE to MOD.`
  - `A protein modification that crosslinks two cysteine residues by formation of a chain of two or more bonded sulfur atoms.`
  - `A protein modification that effectively crosslinks an N-formyl-L-methionine residue and an L-histidine residue to form N-[(L-histidin-1'-yl)methyl]-L-methionine.`
  - `A protein modification that effectively converts four L-cysteine residues and a four-iron four-sulfur cluster to tetrakis-L-cysteinyl tetrairon tetrasulfide.`

> - `is_a` the parent terms. There are two mayor trees: residue based (eg `MOD:00916 ! modified L-serine residue`) and modification type based (eg `MOD:01685 ! alpha-amino palmitoylated residue`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `is_a` the parent terms. Each entry should be a member of two child terms, one of each main branch: _by amino acid modified_ (`MOD:01157`, e.g. `MOD:00916 ! modified L-serine residue`) and _by chemical process_ (`MOD:01156`, e.g. `MOD:01685 ! alpha-amino palmitoylated residue`).
```

## Optional keys

> - `comment` a comment for human readers of the Obo file. If this modification is a cross-linker it needs to start with `cross-link NUM` to indicate the number of residues involved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `comment` a comment for human readers of the OBO file. If this modification is a cross-linker it needs to start with `cross-link NUM` to indicate the number of residues involved.
```

- `synonym` all synonyms for the term, these are names used in other databases or ontologies, these have to be listed as exact or related. Exact can only be used if it describes a synonym that is exactly the same meaning also exactly as specific. So Unimod synonyms always have to be listed as related.
- `relationship` used to add relationships other than `is_a` between terms. Any `[Typedef]` can be used as a relationship.
- `xref` see table:

| xref | Type  | Explanation | Examples |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |

> | DiffAvg | Number (2-digits or precision) or `none` | The difference in average mass between the original residue and the modified residue. | `14.03` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| DiffAvg | Number (2 decimal places) or `none` | The difference in average mass between the source residue and the modified residue. | `14.03` |
```

> | DiffFormula | Molecular formula or `none` | The difference in molecular formula between the original residue and the modified residue. | `C 1 H 2 N 0 O 0` `C 0 H -2 N 0 O 0 S 0` `(12)C 10 (13)C 4 H 25 (14)N 2 (15)N 1 O 2 S 1` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| DiffFormula | Molecular formula or `none` | The difference in molecular formula between the source residue and the modified residue. | `C 1 H 2 N 0 O 0` `C 0 H -2 N 0 O 0 S 0` `(12)C 10 (13)C 4 H 25 (14)N 2 (15)N 1 O 2 S 1` |
```

> | DiffMono | Number (6-digits or precision) or `none` | The difference in monoisotopic mass between the original residue and the modified residue. | `14.015650` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| DiffMono | Number (6 decimal places) or `none` | The difference in monoisotopic mass between the source residue and the modified residue. | `14.015650` |
```

| FormalCharge | Number followed by sign | The formal charge of the modification | `1+` `2-` |
| Formula | Molecular formula or `none` | The full molecular formula of the modified residue (amino acid + modification(s)) | `C 6 H 10 N 2 O 2` `C 3 H 5 N 1 O 1 Se 1` |

> | MassAvg | Number (2-digits or precision) or `none` | The full average mass of the modified residue (amino acid + modification(s)). | `142.16` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| MassAvg | Number (2 decimal places) or `none` | The full average mass of the modified residue (amino acid + modification(s)). | `142.16` |
```

> | MassMono | Number (6-digits or precision) or `none` | The full monoisotopic mass of the modified residue (amino acid + modification(s)). | `142.074228` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| MassMono | Number (6 decimal places) or `none` | The full monoisotopic mass of the modified residue (amino acid + modification(s)). | `142.074228` |
```

> | Origin | string or `none` | List of all allowed sites (amino acid or other modification), a cross-linker with multiple residues has the different residues separated by a comma. | `N` `C, Q` `C, C, C, C` `MOD:00047` `H, MOD:00030` |

Reviewer: While the general effect is that this property dictates amino acid specificity, from the PSI-MOD perspective, it might be more accurately defined as the source amino acid that was modified, as it is this residue that defines DiffFormula, DiffMono, and DiffAvg. Moreover, if I recall correctly, for regular modifications with multiple site specificities (like oxidation), each would have a distinct entry in PSI-MOD. So it should not really be a list of allowed sites. If multiple residues are listed, it's because they are joined (e.g., cross-linked) together to generate the modified residue.

```suggestion
| Origin | string or `none` | The source amino acid residue(s) from which the modified residue is derived. The DiffFormula, DiffMono, and DiffAvg values are defined relative to the composition of these source residue(s). For canonical amino acids, the one-letter code is used. For non-canonical source residues, the PSI-MOD accession is used instead. For cross-linking modifications, all participating residues are listed, separated by commas.| `N` `C, Q` `C, C, C, C` `MOD:00047` `H, MOD:00030` |
```

| Smiles | string | An OpenSMILES string encoding the full modified residue (residue + modificatio(s)) with `*` to indicate the backbone bonds. | `C(*)(=O)[C@H](COP(O)(=O)O)N*` |
| Source | string | One of `natural`, `artifact`, `hypothetical`, or `none`, if multiple are applicable take the first from this list. | `natural` |
| TermSpec | string | One of `N-term`, `C-term`, or `none`. | `N-term` |

### Molecular formula

> The elements have to be in alphabetical order, isotopes are ordered low to high and before the general element. Element numbers can be negative in the `DiffFormula`. Isotopes have to be encased in round brackets `(15)` and listed before elements. Elements and element amounts have to be separated by spaces.

Reviewer: I think that a variation of the Hill notation is currently used, where it's always first C, then H, and then all other atoms alphabetically.

Author: This rule was expressed as such in the powerpoint. But I fully agree with changing it so I have updated it.
